hey youtube just over 6.3 here i'm gonna
give you guys a heads up on some real
changes that are going to happen in OC g
and it may affect the TCG in time but
like i just said in time is when it's
going to affect TCG and the rulings are
coming out in OC g march 19th and they
involve player priority now we don't
know when were when the road is going to
be implemented here but i can tell you
right now that Julia of the head judge
program lady you know her yeah anyway
she sent out a letter to all the judges
saying that it will not change in the
TCG on March 19th and that priority is
staying the exact same as it's been but
the ocg is changing sorrowing march nine
teams with the release of their next
structure deck and basically what the
ruling does is you don't have priority
to activate spell speed want ignition
effects and monsters what that means in
layman's terms is anything that doesn't
say when this card is summoned basically
does not have priority anymore we can go
over a few key cards a judgement dragon
does not have for any more dark armed
dragon doesn't have priority anymore
cart river doesn't have priority grepher
doesn't have priority Elemental Hero
Prisma doesn't have priority just a hero
plasma doesn't have priority there's a
bunch of cards that are affected by this
dark end dragon does have priority most
of the scrap cards don't have priority
now it's just so now if you summon a
monster you know over 59 attacking its
bottomless and then it's going to lose
the effect completely so judgment
dragons knives broke dark arms guys
broke a bunch of cards to lose a lot of
power but like I said it's only in the
OC g and it doesn't go in effect till
march ID but just think about how good a
rule change this really is cards were so
broken before because they just had this
priority like dark armed was I mean he
came down he hit board and he popped a
card if you popped your monster then he
got a +1 and you
anything a few bottles and judgement
dragon they could just drop it on a full
back row and then we're going to have
any consequences unless you had
starlight Road or something so now all
these broken cards just lose a lot of
power I've named off some key ones
there's a bunch of them that I didn't
mention there's a whole list that non
polio right now and it's just I really
like the real change but as I've been
saying it doesn't go on affecting the
TCG for who knows how long and I think
this is very dumb aan KU nominees part I
really hate that they're doing this
stuff you know what we're already behind
in OC g and all kinds of exclusive cards
we're behind him sets or behind it so
much and now they're going to drop this
real change in the OC g and not give it
in the TCG that's freaking stupid ok our
metas are already pretty different
because of the competitive play set up
but now to change them even more is just
ridiculous I don't like this at all
especially when it comes to worlds if we
don't have the rule change by the end
then world's just gets all screwed up I
mean think about the ocg players there
and then they're going to I mean they
don't have priority there but then
they're going to go to rural worlds and
now they have it they've been playing
without it for you know who knows how
long I guess what is it march april may
june world is my july something like
that so they've been playing with for
like four months something like that
that's pretty stupid to have it be like
that i don't agree with them doing that
at all but like i was saying i really
like the rule change it seems really
good now we can kind of look at their
banned list you know book a moon with 21
and initially it was thought that they
did this because of their new exceeds on
the mechana can we just completely screw
that up but now looking at it even more
just think about march 19th if we have
three book of moons so many cards just
died a book of moon it's like car
trooper you can't mill your three just
so many cards judgement dragon now if
you drop him and gets booked you know he
dies it's just
it's crazy it's a very good rule change
it really changes the game a lot in my
opinion maybe it won't change as much as
I'm thinking but really now fault row
you some in fault row and I can
bottomless it and you lose all your
frickin broken stuff that's a so good
it's just it's really good to have so
I'm just going to sum it up one more
time the ocg is getting this ruin March
19 in their new structure deck and new
rule book that says turn your turn
player cannot activate spell speed 1
ignition effects like they could before
there is no priority on spell speed want
ignition effects if the car does not
read when this card is summoned you know
whether it has to read when this card is
special something when this car is no
Sun when this card is flip summon
something like that then it retains its
activation but if it doesn't if it says
once per turn or something similar then
you cannot activate its effect opponents
summoning and to sum it up again TCG is
not getting this ruling immediately we
don't know when we're getting it we are
expected to get it and nothing in the
letter said that we were never going to
get this so I'm hoping we do get it to
level out our Medes again maybe we won't
but that would be really stupid and
ignorant on Coon amies part and you can
probably tell i'm already irritated with
them i don't really enjoy how this stuff
works out especially when the ocg TCG
are already pretty drastically different
do the competitiveness of the ocg brush
TCG but like I said God's this rolling
is pretty big I think and it really
points to why book a moon went to one I
think more than they exceed some
mechanic i can give you proof of all
this i'll try to link you to the proofs
of this i was going to show you it on my
laptop but I can't do that because it's
really blurry you can barely see the
words so I thought it was just stupid to
do that but I will try to post links in
the description you gave you guys proof
of what
on the change and on the letter from
Julia to the head judge is saying that
it will not change in the TCG at the
same time it will neo cg so i hope that
the information helps i don't know if it
will really help you or not but it's
just kind of a heads up i know it's kind
of turned into a sort of rant video more
than a heads up but telling you I think
this rule comes into effect in TCG it
will change the game it makes some
broken cards just not not broken at all
so hope you guys enjoyed this video
subscribe comment down below Drew's out